March 25, 2013
################

:date: 2013-03-12 10:30
:tags: meetings
:category: meetings
:author: Brad Montgomery

Time & Date
-----------
| Time: 6:30pm - 8:30pm
| Date: Monday, March 25th, 2013

Location
--------
| Room 405
| FedEx Institute of Technology
| 365 Innovation Drive
| Memphis, TN 38152

Parking
-------
Park in the Garage right across the street from the FedEx Institute on Innovation
Drive. Parking will be free for attendees of this event.

RSVP
----

I'm happy to announce that this month's meeting is sponsored by the Institute
for Intelligent Systems (IIS) and FedEx Institute of Technology. They're
providing both the venue and the food for this month's meeting, so please RSVP
if you plan to attend:

* `Facebook <http://www.facebook.com/events/586942007984860/>`_
* `Google Plus <https://plus.google.com/events/cgts7hhn90agqmscaqo4sgcc0s8>`_
* `Meetup.com <http://www.meetup.com/memphis-technology-user-groups/events/108875962/>`_
* Mention `@MemphisPython on Twitter <http://twitter.com/memphispython>`_
* Send an email to `brad@mempy.org <mailto:brad@mempy.org>`_

Details
-------

I'm happy to announce our guest speaker, Matt Makai. Join us as he talks
about Development Workflows with Github.

**Github Development Team Workflows**:
What are the strengths and weaknesses of using Github for varying
development team configurations? This talk will cover topics such as
creating a canonical repository to have development team members fork
from, handling code reviews through pull requests, and creating
separate branches for testing and production deployments. This
programming language-agnostic talk draws upon work with both
co-located and geographically dispersed teams at the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau, the George Washington University, and
Motley Fool, some of which was recently covered in an article by Wired
(`<http://www.wired.com/wiredenterprise/2013/01/hack-the-government/>`_)

**About the Speaker**:
Matt Makai is a traveling software developer visiting thirty cities in
five months from March through August 2013. He remotely develops
software with Python for two clients: the Motley Fool and George
Washington University. He has previously developed software for the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Marriott International, the FBI,
Department of Defense, and Freddie Mac. In addition to his undergrad
Computer Science B.S. from James Madison University, Matt has an M.S.
in Computer Science and Applications from Virginia Tech and an M.S. in
Management of Information Technology from the University of Virginia.
Matt writes two blogs, one on software development and
entrepreneurship at `<http://www.mattmakai.com/>`_ and another on his
current Coding Across America trip around the United States to visit
with technology companies at `<http://www.codingacrossamerica.com/>`_.
