content/meetings/2013-01-21.rst, before:

January 21, 2013
################

:date: 2013-01-06 12:30
:tags: meetings
:category: meetings
:author: Brad Montgomery

Time & Date
-----------
| Time: 6:30pm - 8:30pm
| Date: Monday, January 21st, 2012

Location
--------
| Emerge Memphis: The Memphis Room
| 516 Tennessee St. Suite 127
| Memphis, TN  38103

Here's a `Google Map to Emerge <http://goo.gl/PHZ3P>`_.


RSVP
----

We'll provide food and drinks! Let us know if you plan to attend:

* `Facebook <http://www.facebook.com/events/130701340424159/>`_
* `Google Plus <https://plus.google.com/events/cm26arovaviivq0ua6452rsignc>`_
* `Meetup.com <http://www.meetup.com/memphis-technology-user-groups/events/98210452/>`_
* Mention `@MemphisPython on Twitter <http://twitter.com/memphispython>`_
* Send an email to `brad@mempy.org <mailto:brad@mempy.org>`_

Agenda
------

Join us for our first meeting of the New Year! We'll kick things off this
year with a special guest:  `Jason A Myers <https://twitter.com/jasonamyers>`_.

* 6:30 - 7:00: Food!
* 7:00 - 8:30: Jason Myers presents Testing with Selenium.

Commit message:

sigh. remove wrong room number; added info on parking

content/meetings/2013-01-21.rst, after:

January 21, 2013
################

:date: 2013-01-06 12:30
:tags: meetings
:category: meetings
:author: Brad Montgomery

Time & Date
-----------
| Time: 6:30pm - 8:30pm
| Date: Monday, January 21st, 2012

Location
--------
| Emerge Memphis, The Memphis Room  (1st floor, East side of the building)
| 516 Tennessee St.
| Memphis, TN  38103

Here's a `Google Map to Emerge <http://goo.gl/PHZ3P>`_. Street-side parking is
available along Tennessee Street.


RSVP
----

We'll provide food and drinks! Let us know if you plan to attend:

* `Facebook <http://www.facebook.com/events/130701340424159/>`_
* `Google Plus <https://plus.google.com/events/cm26arovaviivq0ua6452rsignc>`_
* `Meetup.com <http://www.meetup.com/memphis-technology-user-groups/events/98210452/>`_
* Mention `@MemphisPython on Twitter <http://twitter.com/memphispython>`_
* Send an email to `brad@mempy.org <mailto:brad@mempy.org>`_

Agenda
------

Join us for our first meeting of the New Year! We'll kick things off this
year with a special guest:  `Jason A Myers <https://twitter.com/jasonamyers>`_.

* 6:30 - 7:00: Food!
* 7:00 - 8:30: Jason Myers presents Testing with Selenium.
