September 15, 2014
##################

:date: 2014-09-08 7:00
:tags: meetings
:category: meetings
:author: Brad Montgomery

Wow! September already upon us and is jam-packed with lots of amazing tech
events happening, locally. This month with see something a little different
for us, too, and our meeting will be at Rhodes.

Time & Date
-----------

| Time: 6:30pm - 8:30pm
| Date: Monday, August 18, 2014

Location
--------

| `Rhodes College (link to google maps) <http://goo.gl/nes87Y>`_.
| 2000 N. Parkway
| Memphis, TN

We'll meet in Lecture Hall B in the Frazier-Jelke science center (It's underground,
so look for Ohlendorf Hall, then go downstairs). There should be signs on campus
directing us.

Parking is free on campus, but the campus is gated, and evening access is only
available through the entrance that is marked on the map (off of University). There
is a guard posted at the entrance, but they should be expecting visitors for the
Memphis Python Users Group meeting.

See `this campus map (pdf) <https://www.dropbox.com/s/dq80iou9ui37r6n/Rhodes_Campus_Map.pdf?dl=0>`_ for directions.


RSVP
----

Food and Drinks will be provided, so please let us know if you plan to attend.
Just RSVP at one of the following:

* `Meetup.com <http://www.meetup.com/memphis-technology-user-groups/events/204199392/>`_
* `Facebook <https://www.facebook.com/events/830175527016603/>`_
* Mention `@MemphisPython on Twitter <http://twitter.com/memphispython>`_
* Send an email to `brad@mempy.org <mailto:brad@mempy.org>`_


Agenda
------

We'll plan on three or four short (10-15 minute) talks. Please `get in touch <mailto:brad@mempy.org>`_ if you'd like to present!
